as jihad chance very well you have
r
right or think about a song
you have to select better and your
participated sports
so vibrational fields for
deactivated good is a pride for me
already belong to this club for the
greatness that you have and for what you are
turning these years and then receiving
this trophy of the young player of the year
It is a
an acknowledgment to the work that I have
done throughout the season
It is a pride to be compared with
a player like David Silva from the
best of spain of the best in the world and
Well, it's the milk that does not compare
an extra people joint train and mtf
disinterest yes it is different than
train something to the subsidiary as it trains with
the first team with all the stars
that there is so much omen that is already there
all these people, well, it's a change
radical to be training with the
subsidiary
managua 4 very expert in vienna exists
well I know if I'm lucky to be able
enter more or less the first team and
to be able to stay in the first team of
citi